# COMP4971 Project

## About This Project
This project was conducted for COMP4971C Independent Work at HKUST in Spring 2025, supervised by Prof. Dan XU. Titled ```Generating Content for Web Browsing in Realtime using Large Language Models```, this project attempts to demonstrate real-time webpage generation by a Large Language Model (LLM) then displaying it.

## Implementation Details
The concept is demonstrated using a base webpage in TypeScript, a frontend library based on JavaScript. The base webpage was generated by Deepseek-R1, on the K-pop girl group (G)I-DLE, and the code can be found in ```/frontend/src/App.tsx```.

### Simple Query to LLMs
In this base page, there are 5 boxes with text entry boxes. These serve as simple queries to an LLM (Azure OpenAI gpt-4o-mini provided by HKUST GenAI).

### Dynamic Webpage Generation
The bottom part of the page is another text entry box, allowing the user to type in some topic they wish to browse on a webpage. The prompt is then passed to an LLM (Azure OpenAI gpt-4o-mini provided by HKUST GenAI) for webpage generation.
Note that these generated webpages are discarded once the tab is closed, and only serve to be displayed once.
An example can be found in ```/frontend/src/webpage.txt```.

### Format
- An entire HTML file is provided
- Rather than static HTML, inline styles and responsive grid layouts in JavaScript are used
- DOMContentLoaded event listener is included
- Any data displayed will be stored in JSON format

## Starting the Web Server
- In the backend directory, run ```uvicorn main:app --reload --port 8000``` in a terminal
- In the frontend directory, run ```npm start``` in a terminal

## Further Steps
- Retrieval-Augmented Generation (RAG) to be applied before LLM queries to avoid hallucination
- (if possible/time permits) Implement an independent RAG pipeline without using libraries and try to optimize it